Today August 25, 2015 started working on my compilers project. I went over the notes that the teacher had as write in class.
Redraw some of the machine for understanding purposes. I also ready page 106 and look at some example code and diagrams.
I wrote down an algorithms for the ID machine.

Today August 27, 2015 I looked at some video on youtube about compilers. I also did my reserve word file. I added the words
from the grammar paper the teacher gave us into the file. I also store lexer error in a dictionary for user later in my
program.

Today August 31, 2015 started coding Relop machine, but I first did an algorithm on paper to have a clear idea what i am
coding. relop machine seem to be working fine.

Sept 01, 2015 I came to school really early to work on my compiler. Add more testing condition to the relop machine.

Sept 03, 2015. Today I worked on my REALLONG machine and got it done for the most part. I still need to add checking error.
and debug it. I also did an algorithm on paper with a state diagram. I also did a machines of machines method as a check
for character and to send the data to the corresponding machine.

Sept 06, 2015 Today I had to redo my ID_machine because it was not working properly. I also tight things up in my reallong
machine. I spend some time testing. I still need to test it by reading the file which ill be working on next.

Sept 07, 2015 Today I setup git for this project. I realized I am constantly changing stuff and i would like to be able
to look at my history of changes. and thats all i did today.

Sept 08, 2015  Today I am focusing on the INT machine. the first thing i did was to draw the state diagram so i can
understand and see what is happening. I then wrote an algorithm with the step that are going to take to execute the
INT Machine. For the most the project is coming a long. I believe int machine is done. I will start my REAL Machine
today as well and i will approach it the same way i did my int machine. That is draw state diagram and then write the
algorithm form it.

Sept 12, 2015, reworked on REAL AND LONG MACHINES. added new error messages to list and added more logic to machines of
machines. I still need to fix machines of machines because is still kind of buggy.
